Update the status of nm CR in README (#45)
medik8s/node-maintenance-operator: README.md

  nodeName: node02
  reason: Test node maintenance
status:
  drainProgress: 40
  evictionPods: 5
  lastError: "Last failure message"
  lastUpdate: "2022-06-23T11:43:18Z"
  pendingPods:
  - pod-A
  - pod-B
  - pod-C
  phase: Running
  totalpods: 19
```

`drainProgress` shows the percentage completion of draining the node.

> `evictionPods` is the total number of pods up for eviction from the start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`evictionPods` is the total number of pods up for eviction before the node entered maintenance mode.
```

Reviewer: I liked the wording you used below :)
